well howdy there internet people this
bow again so tonight we're gonna start
off with a tail I say a tail because
it's a word-of-mouth story and over the
years some of the details have changed
every time I hear it's a little bit
different but the main facts are the
same so we're going to stick with those
prior to World War 2 before the shooting
ever started there was a history
professor in Japan
he worked at one of those universities
in Tokyo very prominent fellow very
smart fellow he looks around and he sees
it coming he can tell Awards on the
horizon and he knows that when that war
comes Japan will expand too far too fast
and it is all going to come collapsing
in on itself and when it does where's it
gonna land Tokyo why because history
does not repeat but it rhymes so he's
aware of all of this and he wants to get
out he didn't want to be in Tokyo when
that happened so he starts doing some
research he finds his Island now it's
away from everything but still in Japan
it's a decent sized island with a really
low population there's only a thousand
people on it one cop mail comes once a
month perfect except for the fact
there's no University nowhere for him to
teach but he is so certain of what's
going to happen he doesn't care he
uproots his family and heads down there
and I think he becomes a sugar planter
the name of the island was Iwo Jima if
you don't know anything about world war
two just say that he jumped out of
frying pan and into the fire that iconic
image of the Marines planting that flag
and pushing it up
that was Mau Suribachi on Iwo Jima
became such an important image because
that was the scene of some pretty fierce
fighting and then afterward the Japanese
army came in and evacuated everybody all
the civilians had to get off the island
to this day it's only military there so
why did I bring this up because he
exercised his right to remain silent
see he's a pretty prominent guy he could
have influenced policy maybe he talked
to some powerful people change the
course of that war maybe he could just
talk to normal people and get enough
them together
same thing they even stopped the war but
he didn't and it's unlikely that that
would have happened but he knew what was
gonna happen if he did nothing he was so
convinced of it he moved his entire
family when you remain silent in the
face of tyranny or oppression you have
chosen a side it is not neutrality it is
not being apolitical you are siding with
those in power you are siding with the
oppressor you know power today has
become so centralized and everything is
so interconnected through communications
and economics that there's no running I
think you can't you know it's not like
the old days where you can head to the
new world or you know head out west
everything's connected
so that right to remain silent
when you exercise it and you choose to
be silent you're not really keeping your
head down you're not laying low they've
got us trained in this country what are
the three things you don't talk about at
the dinner table money politics in a
religion right it sounds like a good
rule what are the three things that
everybody's getting killed over all the
time maybe it's not such a good rule
maybe we need to start talking about
those things maybe we need to start
having discussions instead of debates
start talking about things instead of
having talking points because the people
that are in power they're already in
power your silence is only helping them
and that slow march of tyranny just
moves forward without you saying
something and tyranny anywhere is a
threat to freedom everywhere so maybe
it's time that we start talking about
all the things we're not supposed to and
talking about it amongst ourselves
instead of letting politicians who have
a very vested interest in keeping us
fighting they don't need to be involved
in that conversation they don't need to
be in that discussion they certainly
don't need to be leading it anyway just
a thought y'all have a good night